1. How do the applicant's performance, potential, background, or personal qualities compare to those of other well-qualified individuals in similar roles? Please provide specific examples. (Recommended: 300 words)
Here I would like to highlight that Dhivya (the applicant) was completely new to the domain and the technologies involved, when she joined my team. Given that, I truly admire the swiftness with which she picked up the required skill set, and started delivering on her committments within a short span of time.
To begin with, she never showed any reluctance to take on new tasks and cleanly defined the assigned tasks into study and execution phases which helped us better assess delivery schedules. There is a tendency amidst more seasoned/established members of the team to give less importance to the associated domain and/or technology studies, when faced with hard deadlines. Dhivya brought in that much needed emphasis on an in-depth study of the issue at hand, by rightfully requesting to take into consideration time to study the requisite technologies when finalizing on delivery schedules. I would like to believe that this has, in effect, not only improved the quality of deliverables, but has also reduced the overall issue resolution time.
I would also like to cite another example wherein she moved across projects to help fellow colleagues in quickly resolving issues which had otherwise proved to be a tough challenge for the other members of the team. 
With instructions to deploy a fix within a day, and the actual module owners having all but given up, Dhivya, even without an official request, took this up as a challenge. She started with doing a quick research on the topic. Based on the limited information that was available, she tested out several scenarios, analyzed and understood third-party code, and by negating out the false positives, arrived at the solution within the stipulated period of time. Her methodical approach towards the problem is what, I believe, helped her fellow team members.

2. Please describe the most important piece of constructive feedback you have given the applicant. Please detail the circumstances and the applicant’s response. (Recommended: 250 words)
Given the critical nature of Production servers viz., zero-down time, multiple sources of error, to name a few, it is imperative that all solution updates and issue fixes are thoroughly analyzed; factoring in various aspects.
On one particular occasion, a fix for an issue was deployed on a Production environment, which later caused failures due to certain scenarios not having been considered while developing the fix.
Perhaps due to her being new to the team, Dhivya (the applicant) was not fully aware of the gravity of Production server issues and failed to verify against certain edge cases. She was later counselled on the same and was also apprised of the escalations that such oversights on the developer's end can lead to.
Dhivya took the feedback in a very positive manner, not letting the gravity of the matter phase her. She also tried to build on the existing frameworks so that in the future, similar lapses can be caught in the testing phase itself. This in turn benefitted the entire team.
It was indeed quite refreshing to see Dhivya's positivity throughout.
